                      Mortal Announcements for RoninMUD

 o  Welcome to RoninMUD!

 o  We now have a remort system that allows you to re-roll your existing
    character(s) as a new class at level 1, and re-earn your experience, stats,
    and levels at vastly accelerated rate.  See HELP REMORT for details.

 o  We also have a new auto quest order option that allows you to earn quest
    points by turning in a number of items that must be collected after the
    order request is made.  See HELP AQORDER for details.

 o  Prestige has been added, which is a whole new way to gain "levels" and
    improve your stats.  Each level of prestige earned will improve the player's
    stats.  At the fifth level of prestige, and every ten levels thereafter,
    players will also gain access to a perk.  There are 255 levels of prestige
    available, for a total of 26 perks.  See HELP PRESTIGE for details.

 o  We have implemented a system for improving equipment through trading in
    quest points.  This allows detailed customization and optimization of your
    character's stats, such as damroll, hitroll, permanent effects, mana and hit
    point regeneration, and more.  Ask a SUP+ for details.

 o  Many subclasses have been improved and revised recently.  The following
    classes have seen the most significant changes: Thief, Warrior, Ninja,
    Paladin, Anti-Paladin, and Commando.  See the changelog below, and the
    files for each class and subclass for details.

 o  We now allow each real player to control a "multi" of up to five characters
    at a time.  We primarily balance and design around multis, but solo players
    are welcome and warmly met.  Many solo players find a niche and have great
    success exploring the less-traveled parts of our lands.

 o  The changelog can be found at https://pastebin.com/raw/6y9Ju9EG

 o  In addition to the changelog, the board by the Temple Altar, one north of
    the Temple of Midgaard, has other interesting information and minor updates.

 o  These helpful immortals are never too far away from their keyboards, should
    you need any help: Night, Shun, Hemp, Jearom, and Kith.
